**Plague Doctor** | Unaligned Investigative
__Basics__
The Plague Doctor requires the plague to be eliminated in order to win.
Each night, the Plague Doctor may check a player for symptoms of the plague. They are also capable of curing players during the day.
__Details__
As soon as the plague is eliminated, the Plague Doctor ascends and wins. The plague is eliminated if these two conditions are met: there are no living contaminated players and there are either no remaining plague bearers or no remaining rodents. The Plague Doctor cannot win whilst dead.
Each night, the Plague Doctor may check a player for symptoms of the plague. The Plague Doctor will immediately be informed if their target has the plague: if the target does, they are also informed of which phase the target contracted it in.
Members of the plague team do not have any symptoms and will *never* show up as having the plague.
The Plague Doctor starts off with vials that can cure the plague. They have one vial for every five players in the game (rounded).
Each day, the Plague Doctor may choose to use one of their vials to immediately cure a player. Cured players stop being contaminated: they will not be informed of this. Players who have been cured can become contaminated again.
The Plague Doctor cannot be contaminated. If the plague bearer attempts to contaminate the Plague Doctor with one of their rodents, the Plague Doctor immediately dies - this is not an attack. Visits from contaminated players do not cause the PLague Doctor to become contaminated.
The Plague Doctor is nonaligned.

__Simplified__
The Plague Doctor is partially immune to the plague bearer’s disease, but dies if directly targeted by a rodent. As soon as the plague is eliminated (nobody is or can be contaminated), the Plague Doctor ascends and wins.
Each night, the Plague Doctor may check one player for whether they have the plague. They may use one of their vials during the day to immediately cure a player.
The Plague Doctor cannot win whilst dead.
