**Chef** | Unaligned Killing
__Basics__ 
Each night, the Chef can choose a restaurant customer to send either charmed or poisoned food to. Eating charmed food confers attack invulnerability: eating poisoned food kills the restaurant customer. The Chef wins if they are alive at the end of the game, and at least one of their waiters remains.
__Details__
At the beginning of each day, the restaurant customer chosen by the Chef is added to the resturant channel, in which the Chef can anonymously communicate with them, and offered the opportunity to eat the food. The resturant customer is not told the type of food they have been sent. If the restaurant customer eats poisoned food, they die at the end of the day. If they eat charmed food, they are invulnerable from night attacks during the following night phase only. 
Selecting a restaurant customer and sending food are start-day abilities. Eating food is an end-day ability.
If the Chef dies during the day, the customer is immediately removed from the restaurant, and loses the opportunity to eat the food.
Once a customer has eaten food, they can no longer be sent food.
Each game has a certain amount of players that are "waiters” - one from the townsfolk team, one from the werewolf team, and one from each solo team. Waiters do not know that they are waiters, and their status as a waiter does not impact their abilities or win condition. The Chef wins if they and at least one waiter are alive when the game ends. The Chef is able to win with any team, even if that teams win condition is to kill all others.
If a new solo team is created during the game, they do not gain a waiter. If a waiter is recruited onto a team which already has another waiter, neither player loses their waiter status.
When the last waiter dies, the Chef stops playing, descends and loses.
The Chef may not select themself as customer.
The Chef is not affected by redirections.
The Chef is nonaligned.

__Simplified__
The Chef has one waiter from every team, and their goal is to keep at least one alive. When the last waiter dies, the Chef dies and loses.
They may send charmed or poisoned food to one person each night. A player who eats charmed food becomes invulnerable for a night: a player who eats poisoned food dies.
