**Flute Player** | Solo Power - Flute Team
__Basics__
Each night, the Flute Player may enchant a certain amount of players. 
If all living players are either enchanted, unaligned or Flute team/channel members, the Flute team wins.
__Details__
Whenever a player is enchanted, they will immediately join a secret channel with the other enchanted players, but without the Flute Player(s). 
The Flute Player(s) may see everything said in this channel, from the safety of their own secret channel.
If an enchanted player uses an investigative action, that is affected by obstructions, they will have a 60% chance that the player is displayed as a Flute Player, and a 40% chance for the inspection to happen normally, whenever they attempt to inspect a player.
This effect will disappear once no members of the Flute Player channel or team remain. The players are not told when the effect disappears.

The Flute Player is able to enchant 1 player for every ten players in the game (rounded). They may not enchant a member of the flute team or channel.
If there is more than one player in the Flute Player channel (not counting Flute Apprentices), each Flute Player will only be able to enchant 1 player for every twenty players in the game (rounded).
The amount of players used is the amount of players that are part of the game, not the alive players.

If there are multiple Flute Players, then they are one team, and they will work together. 
If a Flute Player loses their role, they will lose their ability to enchant players. Role changes are not revealed to the other Flute Players.
It is never revealed to the Flute Players how many or which players have been enchanted.

__Simplified__
Each night, the Flute Player may enchant a certain amount of players. If all living players are either enchanted, unaligned or Flute team members, the Flute team wins.
The Flute Player causes an obstruction that messes up investigate roles affected by it. They will have a chance of getting the Flute Player as a result of their checks.
