**Reaper Abilities** | Additional Info - Nightmare Team 
__Limitations__
If a role with limited uses of their power dies, the Reaper will only receive a power if it has uses left.
Other limitations, like only being able to select every player once or only being able to select specific players still apply, but the Reaper is not informed which player can't be selected. If they select an invalid player, they are informed that their power failed.

__Powers__
The Reaper is able to use passive powers.
They are also able to use powers involving a reveal, however nobody will be revealed. 
Group roles don't give the reaper any powers, nor does the Reaper gain access to any secret channels (e.g. Journal) or info (e.g. Psychopath List, Town Crier) the dead player had.
Abilities that involve effects (e.g. enchanting, powdering, igniting powdered players) instead work with the sleepless effect. 
Passive abilities of solo teams (e.g. the flute player passively obstructs enchanted player to see flute player as a result) also apply to the Reaper, however they work with elements of the nightmare team instead (e.g. a flute player ability using reaper obstructs sleepless players to see reaper as a result). 
If an ability results in a role change (e.g. Look-Alike), no role change happens, instead a permanent strong disguise of the role that the player would have turned into is applied to the player. The Reaper is informed which disguise is being used. An exception is all role changes that would recruit another player on that role's team, in that case the role change still happens, but the player is turned into a wraith instead (e.g. Vampire, Infecting Wolf).
All abilities involving private anonymous communication (e.g. Devil, Stalker) happen in reaper specific channels, instead of their normal ones.
If the Reaper dies, any abilities with effects that would occur in a later phase do not trigger, but those that still happen in the same phase do trigger.

__Special Cases__
• Foxes: The wolfpack is not informed of what the Reaper chooses
• Direwolf: The Reaper may attack one player
• Exorcist: Makes target sleepless, but still removes other effects
• Shepherd: Instead of tagging, turn people sleepless
