**Reaper** | Solo Power - Nightmare Team
__Basics__
The Reaper may use the powers of dead players, temporarily. When the Reaper uses a power on a player they turn sleepless. 
The Reaper wins when all living players have been turned sleepless.
__Details__
The Reaper knows the roles of all dead players. At night the Reaper will be able to use the power of every player that has died since the start of the previous night.
If a role with limited uses of their power dies, the Reaper will only receive a power if it has uses left. However, emergency changes are always unavailable.
For example, if a witch dies that has already used their potion of death, the Reaper will only receive the potion of life.
Other limitations, like only being able to select every player once or only being able to select specific players still apply, but the Reaper is not informed which player can't be selected. If they select an invalid player, they are informed that their power failed.
The gained abilities can only be used during this night, and are lost after that.

The Reaper is able to use passive powers. They are also able to use powers involving a reveal, however nobody will be revealed. Group roles don't give the reaper any powers, nor does the Reaper gain access to any secret channels.
If the Reaper uses a power on another player (e.g. targeting or investigation) the targeted player turns sleepless. 
Any immediate day or end day abilities turn into immediate night and end night abilities.
Abilities that involve effects (e.g. enchanting, powdering, igniting powdered players) instead work with the sleepless effect.
If an ability results in a role change (e.g. Look-Alike, Infected Wolf), no role change happens, instead a weak disguise of the role that the player would have turned into is applied to the player. The Reaper is informed which disguise is being used.
All abilities involving anonymous communication (e.g. Devil, Stalker, Disguised Fox) happen without the communication taking place or the targeted player being aware.
For those abilities where another player needs to make a choice (e.g. Devil's Wager, Chef), the Reaper may immediately choose for the targeted player. The result of the choice happens as usual.
If the Reaper dies any abilities that have an effect in a phase after their death will not happen.

Players are privately informed when they become sleepless. When a sleepless player uses a power on the Reaper, their power fails and they die.
